Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
- I'm Carrie. by the way.
- Ana.
So you talked?
She wanted to know
what kind of food Milo likes
and his bedtime routine.
She wanted to know
more and more about him.
She... she liked to spend
time with him. get to know him.
The police have
released a photo of a man
they are calling a person of interest.
Where'd you come up
with that name. Josie?
We found your son's tracker
in the school's parking lot.
It's been destroyed.
Peter irvine. I have your son.
You need to get some cash together.
His name is Kyle smit.
He was. recently released from prison.
- Milo!
- Mommy!
My son wasn't found?
He was returned? By who?
She had toys for him. played with him.
It was like she was playing
some fucked up game of house.
Irene Murphy. we have news
about your husband. Rob Murphy.
I'm afraid he's dead. ma'am.
He was a bookie.
I think that Colin is
defrauding the company.
I relapsed. I lost big.
My bookie came to visit me
easter weekend at the ranch.
- Hello.
- I am not lying.
Mr. Irvine.
does the name Josephine
Murphy mean anything to you?
- Hi.
I want to show you what
I've been working on for the baby.
Gonna love it.
So this crib is my favorite
and it should fit in this room.
Do you see how the door
opens? We can look in at night.
Isn't it perfect?
It is. I... I love it.
I have a credit card we can use.
We'd have to pay everything back.
I'll wait tables. We'll make it work.
I don't know.
Everything looks so nice.
I'm just not sure it feels like us.
- Close your eyes.
- Josie.
Shh. shh. shh.
Imagine you hear the ticking of a clock.
We have a clock.
A big one.
I'll find it at a... a secondhand store.
It'll go between the
kitchen and the bedrooms.
You and I will stand in front of that clock.
You're done with drywalling
and I've got to go wait tables.
so we only have a few minutes together.
That's where we'll stand.
Because we can look in on the baby.
Tick-tock of the clock
helps him go to sleep.
And you'll take my hand.
And then we'll each know
what the other is thinking.
This is perfect.
It's not too nice for us.
I love you.
We both come from a bad place.
That's over now.
Everything's gonna get better.
This baby is a sign.
Ok. The engine...
Nice doing business with you.
You take care.
Come on. let's go. Get in the car.
- Ok.
- What are you doing?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
W-What are you doing?
- I was trying to help.
- Ma'am. ma'am!
What's happening?
He's being arrested
for trafficking a schedule ii substance.
When is he coming
home? He has to be home.
It's the three of us. It
has to be the three of us.
Bail will be set at 10.000. maybe 15.000.
If you don't have that much cash...
well. of course I don't.
Well. then he'll remain in custody.
I'm sorry.
Josie. I was just trying
to help get the money.
Hey. you're gonna be ok.
I-I love you.
I love you!
Sorry. Josie! I'm so. so sorry!
Ma'am. your daughter has
lost her baby and a lot of blood.
She's 16 years old.
I thought you'd want to take
her home. help her get better.
Ok.
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret.
Nothing ever gets better.
Not for me and not for Josie.
What the fuck. Josie?
You took out a credit card in my name?
I needed things for the baby.
It said I didn't have to pay anything back
for. like. six months. so...
I thought I had time to...
do you know why you don't
have to pay anything back
for six months?
Because they like to
let the interest accrue.
Do you know what the
word accrue means?
You don't. do you?
Of course you don't. because
your head doesn't work right.
There's nothing wrong with my head.
Yeah. there is! You're crazy!
- Stop it.
- What? Saying you're crazy?
Yes. Stop it.
You're crazy!
You make shit up in your
head and you always have!
It... it's always real!
To me. it's all real!
I've lost everything!
Can't you just be kind?
You're gonna work off this debt
no matter how long it takes. ok?
I own you.
Fine.
I'm no one now. so you can have me.
I'm dead.
- Hey.
- Hey. dad.
How was our night?
Ok.
Yeah?
Well. now our night was great.
Ok.
You get out of here. kiddo. You're done.
What?
Do you want me to give it
straight to your mom or what?
I paid her off last month.
So what are you still doing here?
Let me come with you today.
I don't want to go home.
All these finance fuckers are the same.
And they all think they're so
much fucking better than me.
But we all earn a living
playing around with someone
else's money. don't we?
Why are you coming to his work?
Why not his home?
If I show up at his house.
right. and he's all alone.
then no one gets to
learn his dirty little secret.
And maybe he's got a wife and a kid.
but he can explain it all away.
And they believe him like they always do.
so the damage is minimal.
I show up in front of his goddamn boss.
his coworkers. and it's a
whole different ballgame.
'Cause these guys.
they control his salary.
his reputation. his goddamn career.
so the damage is maximum.
Deep down inside. we love
money more than people.
It ain't bad having you with me.
Mostly because my car won't get towed.
Shut up. I'm good company.
Yeah. you are. kiddo.
That you are.
Maybe I could live with you.
No.
Dad. she's awful.
Doesn't matter what she is.
She isn't my problem anymore.
That's how divorce works.
You know. if you want
to earn some extra cash
for your own place.
maybe we can make this
a... more of a regular thing.
Yeah?
Ok.
Here we go.
I need a new one.
- Clean this time.
- Sure.
No more vodka.
At all.
All right. I hear you. I hear you. ok?
Yeah.
Let's get out of here.
Hey.
It's easter.
Yeah. well. gambling
debts don't take a vacation.
Especially for Mr. Colin dobbs.
That man. he owes me big.
What if I worked off his debt?
What?
I can do it if you gave me some time.
No.
I'm not gonna to wait that long.
You don't even know the fucking guy.
What are you fucking saying?
I used to see signs.
I used to feel things.
I used to be... Alive.
And I don't feel any of that anymore.
Maybe if I do something for someone.
maybe if I help this
person I don't even know.
maybe things will feel right again.
I don't want to feel dead anymore.
Jesus Christ.
Your mother was right.
You are fucking crazy.
Whee!
Boing. boing. boing.
Boing.
Hey. sweetie.
Hi.
Does your mom know you're here?
No.
You snuck out?
Who's this guy?
Mr. Chips.
Why is he called that?
When I say frog.
it tastes just like potato
chips in my mouth.
What?
Some words taste like food in my mouth.
My mom and dad think it's weird.
I'm the same.
Really?
Really. really.
I had a stuffed dolphin.
and I named him chocolate.
Because that's what I taste
when I say the word dolphin.
Why are you crying?
Because for a long time now.
words haven't tasted the same for me.
What's your name?
Milo.
Hi. Milo.
I'm Josie.
And I need you to listen to me.
You and me. our brains
just work a little different.
We hear things different
and we see colors different.
Like. for me. mondays are yellow.
They're orange.
But we're not crazy.
We're special.
Milo!
Bye.
Milo bear. ready to go.
Where are you?
I'm gonna get you!
Come on. Milo.
I'm fast like a rocket!
Hey. mom. can you hear me?
Come in. Milo.
Breaker. breaker. where are you?
I can't see you.
I can hear you.
I can hear. I can't see you.
Where are you?
Boo.
There you are. my little bear.
Do you want to get some lunch?
Come on. let's go.
Hi. I'm Carrie.
It's nice to meet you.
But I go by Carrie.
I've been a nanny for three families now.
I have experiences with a
lot of different age groups.
The kids are so different.
but they're all so great.
Honestly. all the kids
have been so special.
You really get close. you know?
I feel like a big sister sometimes.
You just... you get really close with them.
You know. you become a family.
Honestly. all the kids
have been so special.
I feel like it's what I was meant to do.
Josephine. come here.
My god.
I didn't you use your card.
This... this is all kid stuff.
I have money from my job.
No. don't touch that.
You don't have a kid.
Fuck you.
Your kid died.
I would have been a
better mother than you!
You think I'm a shit mom?
At least I kept my kid alive.
You get out of my house.
I swear to god if you ever come back.
I will fucking kill you. Josephine.
That's not my name.
You have a really beautiful home.
Thank you. Let's sit down.
Must be tough.
Working full-time. raising a child.
Yeah. it can be.
But it's wonderful. too.
You know. I love my
job and I love my son.
So the days are packed.
but with good stuff.
If you don't mind me
asking. what do you do?
I am a marketing executive
in the publishing industry.
Wow. that sounds like a big deal.
Nothing in the publishing
industry is that big of a deal.
trust me.
But it's my dream job.
And right now. I'm looking
to land this big author.
so it's definitely time
for a full-time nanny.
You have so much experience.
And your references. I've called them all.
They rave about you.
And what's your secret?
Just try to be like my mom was.
She always knew
what to say. what to do.
She made it look easy.
She's not around anymore.
Breast cancer.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes I imagine she's still with me.
So how long have you
been with your family?
About three months now.
The irvines are really
nice. I really like them.
But you don't live with them?
No. no. I live with my boyfriend.
Yeah. Here they come.
Do you want to meet Jacob?
Yeah. yeah. of course.
Ana. this is Jacob. Jacob. this is Ana.
- Hi.
- Hi. Jacob.
Milo. this is my friend.
Hi. Milo.
Nice to meet you. I'm Carrie.
Hi. Carrie.
- You want some water?
- Yeah.
You want me to open it?
Ok.
Here you go.
Mall shakes! Mall shake!
- Their house is so big.
- Really?
And Milo's bedroom is the
size of my entire apartment.
If I had a house that big.
I'd have security everywhere.
Yeah. they have an alarm.
Thank you.
Hi.
I'm sorry I didn't come see you.
I couldn't.
But I meant to.
Every day. I meant to.
This... this place... Is lonely.
But I understand.
You're out soon.
Yeah. I know.
Doesn't really feel real yet.
What are you going to do?
Eat decent food.
Wings.
Yeah. wings.
I'm working as a nanny.
A little boy named Jacob.
He's five years old.
But I mean. isn't that... Hard?
Yeah. I mean. it's the same
age as Noah would have been.
Kyle. I need to tell you something.
And I need you to listen.
Like. really listen.
Hey.
Hey. it's so great to see you guys.
Yeah.
I... I just wanted to get him
an apple juice really quick.
Yeah. that's ok.
Hi.
Whoop.
Could I please get
one apple juice. please?
Sure.
Milo. come on this side. Milo.
That'll be 3.50.
- Thank you.
Ok. let's go.
Hey. the kid's birthday
party is next week. right?
Is it Thursday?
I... I haven't put it in my phone yet.
I can check. Just stay right there.
No. My phone isn't here?
Are you sure?
- I didn't...
- you had it at the food truck.
I'll stay with Milo.
- You run and get it.
- Jeez.
Go before someone takes your phone.
Ok. thank you.
I'll be right back. ok?
You stay right here with Carrie.
- Ok.
- Ok. thank you.
I got him.
The honey inside your head.
Hey.
Who is this?
This is Milo.
What's going on. Josie?
That's not her name.
Her name is called Carrie.
Wait.
- Please.
- No.
Carrie?
Is everything ok?
Yeah. I just... who was that guy?
Just a friend.
I have to go.
You ok?
Kyle. wait. please.
You're actually doing this.
You're planning on... you're
actually gonna take him.
No. I thought... you just get...
you get into things sometimes. Josie.
And. like. you get a little lost.
And I thought this was
just one of those times.
but you're actually going to...
he would be happy with me. with us.
He has parents already.
He has a home. He has a life.
He deserves to be with
people who understand him.
You're being crazy.
Josie. honey. I... I... I'm so sorry.
No. fuck you. I'm doing this.
Josie. you don't know what prison's like.
I do.
I can't live without him.
I won't live without him.
I mean it.
Josie? Josie!
I'll find a way to stage a playdate
between Jacob and Milo.
But then I'll only pick up Milo.
Well. what about Jacob?
I'll make sure he's busy
with something else.
I'll send Marissa irvine
off to a random address
to pick up Milo. but not for a few hours.
It'll give us time.
It's perfect.
I just... I need to find the right moment.
You said you would help me.
I will.
I am.
I have no choice because
I don't want to lose you.
It'll be worth it.
I promise.
It'll be the three of us.
I know an address we
can send the mom to.
I thought it was gonna be awkward.
And I mean. it was at first.
I don't know a lot of the parents yet.
And I always feel like
I'm not doing enough.
Or... anyway. but then
I met another mom.
And she was great.
It was so crazy.
We had the exact same dress on.
- It was hilarious.
- That's cute.
Yeah. we hid out in the
bathroom for. like. an hour.
I really liked her a lot.
We talked about getting the
boys together for a play date.
It was great.
I feel like it's so hard
to make new friends
when everyone's so busy.
We're going on vacation?
We sure are.
You're gonna love it.
I bought a bunch of new
games for us to play together.
- Won't that be fun?
- Yay!
Milo...
Where are you?
You're not in the kitchen.
Are you under the bed?
No.
I see Mr. Chips.
Don't see you.
I wonder where you could be.
There's only one more spot.
No. you're getting closer.
I want to go home.
What?
What do you mean?
I miss my mom.
When can I go home?
But we could play
with walkie-talkies again
if you'd like.
Or the puzzle.
Wasn't that fun when
we played together?
This is what I was talking about.
Stop.
He has been raised
by Marissa and Peter.
I don't want to hear it.
I know you. Josie.
I know you know right from wrong.
And this is wrong.
He belongs with us.
Tell me exactly what happened
when you took Milo to
get his passport made.
I did what you told me to do.
50% payment when he
took the picture last night.
The rest is supposed
to be when he delivers.
Why?
He's just... he's not answering my texts.
We need help.
That's one hell of a story. kiddo.
Ok. so what exactly is the plan?
Kyle and I have our passports ready.
We're getting one for Milo.
but... but the guy flaked on us.
Who'd you use?
Your guy.
Yeah. well. that was a mistake.
Well. I didn't have anyone else to ask.
Now this... I mean. this is good.
I gotta hand that to you.
What about shithead over here?
- Hey. fuck you.
- Fuck you. kid. right?
Stop it.
You two are gonna have
to get along for once. ok?
The police don't have his photo.
so no one's looking for him.
How'd you get here?
Rental car. disabled GPS.
parked ten minutes away
in the woods. just in case.
Any way they can
trace that rental to you?
That was in Kyle's name.
What about this place?
Fake name. Paid in cash.
So you'll help us?
I'm bored.
Sorry. buddy.
I know. It's a lot of time indoors.
My mom lets me swim.
She takes you to the pool?
No. no. no.
I bet you've got your
own pool. don't you. Milo?
It's big. too.
I bet it is. yeah.
Hey. Milo.
Hey. hey. come here a sec. Milo.
Come here.
I think I see something...
behind your ear.
Now. you can keep that. kiddo.
Ok.
Come on. buddy. I'll sit with you.
I'll make a couple of calls.
get a passport for the kid.
So you'll help?
Of course. I'll help.
You're my daughter. right?
Peter irvine. I have your son.
No. it's not a prank.
He's only helping us
because he smells money.
I can't do that.
You see. I'm on a grocery
run right now getting some food.
He's getting us a passport.
How do you know that's the
call he's making right now?
You need to get some cash together.
My dad isn't perfect.
But he does love me.
I know it.
You fucked us.
You fucked us!
When exactly did this become us?
The second I put my
ass on the line to help!
Stop it. both of you.
I'm hungry.
No. no. we bolt now.
That is the only way out of this. right?
Ok. so you take that
kid. you get in my car.
and you drive to my motel.
And you and I are gonna clean up
all this kid's shit so there's
no evidence we were here.
And then we maybe get on a
bus and meet with them later.
That's the fucking plan!
Where's my car seat?
It'll be ok. It's just a short drive. ok?
Where's Mr. Chips?
What's Mr. Chips?
It's his toy. It's his favorite.
What's it look like?
It's a frog. And it's... it's green.
Check the kitchen.
I think I saw it.
No. maybe just down there.
I don't see it. man.
Fucking idiot.
Later tonight. tune in to "real insight"
for a live interview with
Marissa and Peter irvine.
the parents of missing Milo.
It's been five days since
their son's disappearance.
Tonight. we'll hear what they have to say
in an exclusive interview
conducted from their home.
That's tonight...
Is it my birthday today?
Because I counted the days.
Sweetie. it is.
Then why isn't my mom here?
You know why birthdays are special?
Why?
It's because
it's the day when moms
and babies meet each other
for the first time.
Some moms have kind of
a rough time getting there.
But they still want to get there.
They really do. because mommies.
they want to meet their
babies so much. Milo.
It's all they think about for so. so long.
I don't remember meeting my
mommy here for the first time.
Well. I'm sure she
remembers meeting you.
Do you have a baby?
Yes. I do.
What happened to him?
Hey.
I... I don't understand
why Kyle's not here yet.
Yeah. look. kiddo. I... guess...
he just got spooked
seeing his face out there.
and so he bolted.
He's not cut out for this kind of thing.
You know. he's too soft.
Hey. why don't you go
get the kid something?
For his birthday?
Come on.
Even I wouldn't recognize
you out there and all that.
Yeah?
You'll stay with him?
Course.
Ok.
Hey. Milo.
What if we played a game?
Of... Hide-and-seek. yeah?
Ok.
No. no. no.
Found you.
Yeah. you did.
Hey. you're really good at this. yeah?
You know what? I got an idea.
How about you go and
hide in the bathroom?
But then you'll know where I am.
Yeah. but I got a new friend
who's gonna come and play with us
and he doesn't know
that you're in there. right?
And so I promise that I won't tell him.
So you be real quiet in there. ok?
And don't come out
until someone finds you.
- Ok.
- Ok?
Ok.
Now. remember. real quiet. Milo.
Dad?
Daddy?
Milo?
Yeah. coming.
Right.
Come in. man.
I love you. Noah.
You and me. our brains
just work a little different.
We hear things different
and we see colors different.
Hi. Noah.
Like. for me. mondays are yellow.
They're orange.
Noah?
No. no. I heard him.
- He was crying.
- Sweetie. I'm sorry.
He didn't survive the crash.
- No. i...
- he's gone.
I heard him.
No. I... I s-swear I heard it.
I think that you're confused.
That must have been the other baby.
I saw him.
I saw Noah.
I know that sounds crazy. but he's alive.
Josie. that's impossible.
But it happened.
It's not impossible because it happened.
I don't know if it was the crash
or at the hospital or what.
but somehow. they
got the babies confused.
Do you believe me?
Josie.
Josie. I do.
I do believe you.
He looks just like my dad.
There would be
consequences to your actions.
Why didn't you think of that?
I did. I did! I... I just... bullshit. Bullshit.
You never thought of anything.
You never thought of me
or our company or
everything that's on the line.
- Please. please.
- You never thought of Milo.
You know that's not true.
You didn't. No.
You have to believe me. I never knew.
Bullshit.
I would lay in traffic before I hurt that kid.
Mark. please. Look... please. look.
I am not lying.
- Mr. Irvine.
- This isn't me.
Does the name Josephine
Murphy mean anything to you?
Please.
My god.
I'm not crazy.
Mr. Irvine. did you need...
he's my son.
You have my son.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm